deprecate dbt_fullstory (#50)
fullstorydev/dbt_fullstory: README.md

# The Official Fullstory dbt Package for Data Destinations

> ⚠️ **DEPRECATION NOTICE**: This repository is deprecated and no longer maintained. No further updates, bug fixes, or security patches will be provided.
>

> > **Fullstory now provides this functionality natively through [Ready to Analyze Views](https://developer.fullstory.com/anywhere/warehouse/ready-to-analyze-views/).** If you are an existing customer, please contact your Fullstory representative to have it enabled. If you are a new customer, your newly connected warehouse will be opted-in automatically.

Reviewer: The new/existing customer language might cause confusion without more details about when we launched RTA views. WDYT of this?

```suggestion
> **Fullstory now provides this functionality natively through [Ready to Analyze Views](https://developer.fullstory.com/anywhere/warehouse/ready-to-analyze-views/).** If you are an existing customer syncing raw data, please contact your Fullstory representative to have it enabled. If you created your warehouse connection after 8/1/2025, your newly connected warehouse will be opted-in automatically.
```
